hello everyone travis cafard and Offaly
may here at Blizzcon 2017 just after the
opening ceremony with covers presented
by owen by HP talking about some of the
stuff that we just saw start graph to
free-to-play are you play this now I've
owned it I've told you this multiple
times but if you own it like me then I
think you get heart of the swarm well
you have wings of Liberty so you get the
campaign for the next one free perfect
but that's gonna be really cool I'm
excited to see how many new players come
in actually there's been a great deal of
players that have continued to play
every single month so if we see even
more people come in that'll be great for
that community what else did we see we
saw the hearthstone with ben brode up
there doing the pick your own adventure
that presentation was great and it's
kobolds and catacombs we had to do a
retake cuz I said caverns at first a
little bit of transparency completely
unprofessional yeah I know I don't but
either way I think one of the fun things
I love about hearthstone is how they
always do a good job of making
everything steam so it's like the
opposite of the serious stuff it's
super-fun I'm not opening this cinematic
was great
really cool and by the way I really like
the single-player yeah okay so that was
really cool so it's like they're gonna
follow your own campaign and then
there's gonna be like this boss battle
yeah so it's like you go over like seven
different bosses they call it a
roguelike for you I'm sure don't know
what a roguelike is right either way so
it's basically like a tough-as-nails
like challenge where you have to face
off against up to 7 7 and if you make it
through I think it's you get some cool
stuff I don't know but it's actually
free to play I know I'm so excited
because otherwise it's like all the
other expansions I've been having into
shot money but this one excited so
here's a storm
here's of the storm okay so Hanzo
alexstrasza I was trying to set up for
some sort of a dragon pond ok but you
know you just kind of there were a lot
of dragons yes that was great I loved
the cinematic with it when Hanzo came
out I was like just shooting arrows and
stuff I was really waiting for the Ryoga
a techie what Kudo and when he did it it
just paid off I don't even know how to
say so that I'm looking forward to that
that'll be cool so many things to look
forward to and then also that's the
overwatch you were very excited I'll let
you handle over all right overwatch ok
so the first thing that they did my
support means are you here with me
new support Moira oh my gosh also could
just kill people yes so she's like I
don't they said I think she was a
scientist so she's like throwing out
good stuff juice like purple and yellow
juice and then they either damage you or
they heal you and she just she could
teleport I think she has like a blink
but besides that very mobile
besides that at the end of their
announcement they surprised us with the
Reinhardt's voice actor coming out gave
like a really nice speech to everyone
like thanks for being a part of
community and then they dropped the
Rhinehart cinematic yeah oh my god I I
teared up a little bit I was just crying
I'm not gonna spoil it for you like you
should definitely go watch it but you
will never be able to play the whole
audience was silent and stunned and
she's just sitting there sobbing like a
baby you also forgot the new map okay so
new map Blizzard world I think it's
amazing I haven't played all of the
actually let's let's have you talk about
it because you're older yeah I've been
here since the story no I saw Blizzard
rolled it's actually really fun they
introduced it by mentioning obviously
that Disneyland is nearby there's a
theme park and so they reimagine
basically what it would be like if
Blizzard had a theme park and so it's
basically a map where you're playing
through all this like World of Warcraft
and Starcraft and Diablo all this cool
stuff so I think it's a pretty
impressive how many days do you think
Blizzard employees went to Disneyland
for research I thought it comes yeah
that maybe because I mean it's fun to
see all the different rides and stuff
that they came up with and then what
else is World of Warcraft World of
Warcraft you don't play so this will be
my party I tried to play it my mom
didn't let me play it when I was younger
that's very sad that's very sad now no I
I mean obviously we knew there was gonna
be a new expansion this is kind of the
cadence that they're on now you see you
know a 1 year game comes out next year
they do an expansion but I really I'm
enjoying it
I think it's interesting we'll see how
basically they're going through this
whole battle for as raw thing where you
have to you put the Horde against the
Alliance this is kind of happen in
Cataclysm before a cinematic was great
because actually this is the first time
that they've actually announced an
expansion and shown in the cinematic
flow and you did you enjoy the cinematic
okay so like I said I don't know too
much of this
I know Alliance versus horror they hate
each other but when Sylvanas just kind
of like started kicking butt fell to the
ground and just looked up and screamed
for the Horde Banshee like a banshee
like a banshee I hit me right here and
I'm like okay don't cry she start crying
again pretty much just cried the entire
time either way it was a pretty good
time pretty good time yeah I'm trying to
think oh and classic Wow classic vanilla
well officially supporting it I think
that was the only thing that really
surprised me because you know you're
gonna get a hearthstone expansion you're
gonna need some new heroes four heroes
you know that you're gonna get like an
overwatch hero in the map all this stuff
but I had actually forgotten about the
fact that Blizzard it kind of hinted
that they were looking into supporting
this and I don't we'll see how many
people actually play hello well because
I might be the only person in the world
it seems that actually remembers how
miserable some of the parts that anymore
but officially supporting that as a
server and that'll be really cool so a
lot of people will be excited I'm sure
to dive back in so the experience that
they had so long ago you were probably
seven at the time or even younger I
don't even want to think about this but
you could actually try you can start all
over because you're wrong one lets you
play it you could experience a Anila
well played on the one I'm like I don't
how do I get that yeah legally the first
time I ever saw was when they had the
three box with Burning Crusade in it oh
boy alright well either way so lots of
lots of announcements here nothing maybe
two surprising but all very very awesome
and rad I enjoyed the opening ceremony
and do you want to take us out of this
thanks for watching this was our little
intro there is plenty more stuff to come
so stay tuned on Travis's Channel and
don't forget to follow both of us on
Twitter as well as omen by HP let's go
find some more stuff